# CodePath9
The only honeypot I deployed was the first one we were instructed to create.
All the issues that I had were small/minor installation details that would cause me to reinstall everything multiple times. I first had trouble getting the GCP SDK to actually download. It would take me to the create an account page on the first few attempts. Creating the firewall also gave me trouble as it would fail to create. It took almost 30minutes before I went on piazza and saw that I could manually create it myself. I went to do so and it was already listed as complete so that confused me. Everything went smoothly until I started installing the MHN admin application. I almost made it to the last two prompts but it got stuck on the first half of installation and it would not abort. I closed the terminal completely and tried to reinstall it but it would crash and fail. I had to delete the whole VM and start over. This time I let my computer run for as long as it needed; I thought maybe it didn't get stuck and I just cancelled it mid-installation. Well this time it thankfully worked. Creating the honeypot went really well and the rest of my problems were in the piazza troubleshooting post which was a huge help (Thank you professor and TAs). I didn't have any unresolved questions raised by the data colected. I guess I was just a little worried if this could have put my computer at risk. I got 30+ attacks (if I counted correctly). There were a lot from the US which surprsied me. There was some from China, France (this also surprised me) and some flags I did not recognize. I guess I exepected to see a variety of flags but it was strongly US. I could not see the number of malware sampe as I ended up deleting my project without realizing I needed this data. I do have screenshot and session.json attatched. I hope I got everything in the README. This one was less guided. 
